README.md, before:

# CS0-cswhite2

## Carson White Python Fundamentals Lab Readme

| Name | Value |
|:---|:---|
|**Name** | Carson White |
|**Course** | CSCI110L - CS1 : Begining Programming Lab Python |
|**Section** | 1 |
|**Semester** | Spring 2024 |
|**Mav Username** | cswhite2 |
|**Github Username** |  carsonsw09 |
|**Repository**| https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2 |


## Lab Assignments
### Lab1
| Name | Value |
|:--- | :--- |
| Name | STDI ART |
| Description | This assignment is based around a begning art program with input and output assignments |
| Due Date | 2/6/2024 |
| Status | Complete |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/ LabAssignments |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes| Program runs effectively and all the art is in there and lined up proportionally |

### Lab2 Part 1
| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Add Two Numbers|  
| Description | A simple program based around adding two numbers together |
| Due Date | 2/15/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location |https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Math |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | Solved the problem thouroughly and have the kattis submission image in the folder as well |

### Lab2 Part 2
| Name | Value|
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Circle |
| Description | This program takes in the radius of the circle and then displays the area and circumfrence of the circle |
| Due Date | 2/15/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Math/Circle |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | Everything works and the code follows the logic provided |


### Lab3

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Functions |
| Description | This program teaches the uses of basic python functions |
| Due Date | 2/20/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Functions |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | The program works well and all the fixme's are completed. The program is saved under the functions tab |

| Name | Value |
| :--- | :--- |
| Name | bijele |
| Description | This program works on functions and how to define them and call them |
| Due Date | 2/22/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/blob/main/LabAssignments/Functions/bijele.py |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | The program works well and all the fixme's are completed. The kattis picture is in the file as well |

### Lab4

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Conditionals |
| Description | A lab based on conditional statements and functions |
| Due Date | 2/27/24 |
|Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Conditionals |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fixme's are completed and the code runs efficently and effectively |

### Lab5

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | String Lab Part 1 |
| Description | String lab based off determing if a string contained certain characters |
| Due Date | 3/12/24
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/blob/main/LabAssignments/Strings2/stringlab.py |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed and the code runs great |


| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | String Lab Part 2 |
| Description | String lab based off the kattis problem, Hissing Microphone |
| Due Date | 3/12/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/blob/main/LabAssignments/Strings2/hissingmicrophone.py
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed and the code runs well. There are code run pictures |


| Name | Value | 
| :--- | :--- |
| Name | String Lab Extra Credit |
| Description | Extra credit problem based off the string problems listed above |
| Due Date | 3/12/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Strings2 |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed and the program correctly determines if the entry is a palindrome or not |

### Lab6

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Pet.py |
| Description | This program is centered around a list kattis problem that implements checking a position and converting between ints and strings with lists |
| Due Date | 3/18/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Lists |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed, photo evidence of kattis and code run are in there as well as an additional test function to test the answer function |

### Lab7 

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Dict.py |
| Description | This program is centered around utilizing a dictonary structure to take in input and produce a certain output |
| Due Date | 4/2/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Dict |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed and photo evidence of the code running is in the folder as well |

### Lab8 

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Fileio.py |
| Description | This program is centered around devloping a file reading system with functions performing on the integer data list |
| Due Date | 4/9/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Fileio |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed and the output file contains the correct output |

### Lab9

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Fileio2.py |
| Description | This program ic centered around another external file, this time figuring out how to read in a file, find the words with the highest frequency, and then display them to the user |
| Due Date | 4/18/2024 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Filio2 |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix me's are completed and the code runs efficently. There is photo evidence of the output as well in the folder |

### Lab10

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | OOP.py |
| Description | This program brings together everything that we have learned this semester and builds up a circle class |
| Due Date | 5/2/2024 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | 
| Self Grade |
| Notes |

### Lab12

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name |
| Description |
| Due Date |
| Status | Unfinsihed |
| Location | 
| Self Grade |
| Notes |

Commit message:

The last lab is now complete, all the work for this semester is done

README.md, after:

# CS0-cswhite2

## Carson White Python Fundamentals Lab Readme

| Name | Value |
|:---|:---|
|**Name** | Carson White |
|**Course** | CSCI110L - CS1 : Begining Programming Lab Python |
|**Section** | 1 |
|**Semester** | Spring 2024 |
|**Mav Username** | cswhite2 |
|**Github Username** |  carsonsw09 |
|**Repository**| https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2 |


## Lab Assignments
### Lab1
| Name | Value |
|:--- | :--- |
| Name | STDI ART |
| Description | This assignment is based around a begning art program with input and output assignments |
| Due Date | 2/6/2024 |
| Status | Complete |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/ LabAssignments |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes| Program runs effectively and all the art is in there and lined up proportionally |

### Lab2 Part 1
| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Add Two Numbers|  
| Description | A simple program based around adding two numbers together |
| Due Date | 2/15/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location |https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Math |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | Solved the problem thouroughly and have the kattis submission image in the folder as well |

### Lab2 Part 2
| Name | Value|
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Circle |
| Description | This program takes in the radius of the circle and then displays the area and circumfrence of the circle |
| Due Date | 2/15/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Math/Circle |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | Everything works and the code follows the logic provided |


### Lab3

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Functions |
| Description | This program teaches the uses of basic python functions |
| Due Date | 2/20/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Functions |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | The program works well and all the fixme's are completed. The program is saved under the functions tab |

| Name | Value |
| :--- | :--- |
| Name | bijele |
| Description | This program works on functions and how to define them and call them |
| Due Date | 2/22/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/blob/main/LabAssignments/Functions/bijele.py |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | The program works well and all the fixme's are completed. The kattis picture is in the file as well |

### Lab4

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Conditionals |
| Description | A lab based on conditional statements and functions |
| Due Date | 2/27/24 |
|Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Conditionals |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fixme's are completed and the code runs efficently and effectively |

### Lab5

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | String Lab Part 1 |
| Description | String lab based off determing if a string contained certain characters |
| Due Date | 3/12/24
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/blob/main/LabAssignments/Strings2/stringlab.py |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed and the code runs great |


| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | String Lab Part 2 |
| Description | String lab based off the kattis problem, Hissing Microphone |
| Due Date | 3/12/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/blob/main/LabAssignments/Strings2/hissingmicrophone.py
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed and the code runs well. There are code run pictures |


| Name | Value | 
| :--- | :--- |
| Name | String Lab Extra Credit |
| Description | Extra credit problem based off the string problems listed above |
| Due Date | 3/12/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Strings2 |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed and the program correctly determines if the entry is a palindrome or not |

### Lab6

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Pet.py |
| Description | This program is centered around a list kattis problem that implements checking a position and converting between ints and strings with lists |
| Due Date | 3/18/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Lists |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed, photo evidence of kattis and code run are in there as well as an additional test function to test the answer function |

### Lab7 

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Dict.py |
| Description | This program is centered around utilizing a dictonary structure to take in input and produce a certain output |
| Due Date | 4/2/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Dict |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed and photo evidence of the code running is in the folder as well |

### Lab8 

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Fileio.py |
| Description | This program is centered around devloping a file reading system with functions performing on the integer data list |
| Due Date | 4/9/24 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Fileio |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix-me's are completed and the output file contains the correct output |

### Lab9

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | Fileio2.py |
| Description | This program ic centered around another external file, this time figuring out how to read in a file, find the words with the highest frequency, and then display them to the user |
| Due Date | 4/18/2024 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/Filio2 |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix me's are completed and the code runs efficently. There is photo evidence of the output as well in the folder |

### Lab10

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name | OOP.py |
| Description | This program brings together everything that we have learned this semester and builds up a circle class |
| Due Date | 5/2/2024 |
| Status | Finished |
| Location | https://github.com/carsonsw09/CS0-cswhite2/tree/main/LabAssignments/OOP |
| Self Grade | 100/100 |
| Notes | All the fix me's are completed and the code runs efficently. There is photo evidence of the output as well in the folder. Thanks for a great semester professor |

### Lab12

| Name | Value |
|:--- |:--- |
| Name |
| Description |
| Due Date |
| Status | Unfinsihed |
| Location | 
| Self Grade |
| Notes |
